<<<<<<< HEAD
## Business Keys VS. Surrogate keys

## Conclusion
Do not use business keys as dimension primary keys. Use data warehouse surrogate keys instead.


### Database Key Definitions

- Primary keys: Stable, Minimal, Not Null
- Foreign Keys:
- Composite Key:
- Alternate Key: A column or combination of columns that can be used in place of a promary key.
- Candidate key:
- Natural key:
- Surrogate key: A key with a "meaningless" or artificial value, typically a sequence number, generated by a database or application that is used instead of a natural key.
- Business key: A primary key from a source system. This can be a meaningless natural key or a meaningless systerm-generated  surrogate within the source system, but by the time it reaches the data warehouse it has meaning to the business outside of the warehouse and so is referred to as a business key.

## Benefits of Data Warehouse Surrogate Keys
- Insulate the Data Warehouse from Business Key Change
- Cope with Multiple Business Keys for a Dimension
- Track Dimensional History Efficiently
- Handle Missing Dimensional Values
- Support Multi-Level Dimensions
- Protect Sensitive Information
- Reduce Fact Table Size
- Improve Query Performance
- Enforce Referential Integrity Efficiently


__Note:__
Surrogate keys should be hidden from stakeholders wherever possible. BI tools use them as the mechanical way of joining facts and dimensions only. Surrogate keys are never to be used for sorting, grouping, or filtering data.
=======

```
This is a just test for readme.md

test2

test3
test4
test 5

test 6

test 7
```
>>>>>>> eb3dd48632bd7274a467effbe727f36b005615eb
